for as long as the Internet has existed
people have been lying on it creating
characters performing social experiments
faking minority status for clout the
whole nine yards most standard issue
attention seekers can draw the interest
of an online community for a few weeks
maybe a month or two before being
exposed but every so often a masterful
troll comes along someone whose
narrative is so riveting that people
don't bother looking for the holes in it
whose tactics are so devious that by the
time everyone realizes they've been
duped the damage has already been done
and whose personality is so engaging
that they're able to ride their internet
persona straight to the top of their
social circle in the early 2000s in a
different age of the internet before
social media one woman had the Harry
Potter fandom wrapped around her finger
by spinning a web of deception so large
and intricate that the only thing more
shocking than the effort she put into
creating it is how long she was able to
keep it up this is when posting goes
wrong begin your journey at visit
Delaware Tom Snape kills Dumbledore
that's night Cyrus night you're a wizard
Harry
[Music]
our messages it's not okay to be gay
it will warp the mind destroy the soul
and Damned me
[Music]
the year is 2000 1a AOL is one of
America's most valuable companies the
whale tail is considered a legitimate
fashion choice and the biggest cultural
phenomenon in the world is Harry Potter
the books have been a hit since more or
less day one and after the roaring
success of Sorcerer's Stone in 1997
JK Rowling would publish Chamber of
Secrets in 1998 Prisoner of Azkaban in
1999 and Goblet of Fire in 2000 but
didn't put out order of the Phoenix
until summer of 2003 this relatively
speaking extended hiatus created a
massive uptick in demand for potter fan
fiction to fill the vacuum a period that
would become known as the three-year
summer it was during this time that a
group of adult fans who were all part of
the same yahoo group called harry potter
for grown-ups or HP for GU would make
their names as some of the fandoms most
well known authors these included among
others evany Thomas Heidi Tandy and
Cassandra Clare yes that Cassandra Clare
though she was spelling her name with an
eye at the time Cassandra in particular
had achieved what was for the time
massive success with her draco trilogy
which had a big enough impact on the
fandom to be worthy of a whole video in
and of itself
Cassandra developed a bit of a cult of
personality among some Harry Potter fans
with people referring to her genius and
going as far as calling her a goddess
keep this in mind for later now as one
might predict HP 4gu was home to many a
heated internet arguments in particular
between late 2000 and mid 2001 an
intense shipping war broke out between
Harry Hermione shippers led by Cassandra
and her friends and Harry Ginny shippers
led by Arabella and a bunch of other
people who I don't have time to name
because this story is really long and
complicated I have to pare it down
somehow the nastiness of these fights
prompted the two teams to create
separate archive sites for hosting their
fan fiction for context while nowadays
english-language fanfic is consolidated
into basically three websites back then
a o3n Wattpad didn't exist yet and
fanfiction.net had yet to achieve the
full-on market dominance it would gain
in the latter half of the decade so if
you didn't like how a fanfic archive was
moderated you could just create your own
website with blackjack and hookers in
the fall out of the shipping wars on HP
for GU the hairy Ginny folks created
sugar quill sugar quill was strictly
moderated which fix were hosted on the
site was entirely at the whims of the
moderators who were fairly choosy
additionally they only allowed
quote-unquote canon compliant ships or
rather ships they thought would probably
be canon functionally this meant they
only allowed Harry Ginny Ron Hermione
and Remus serious F in the chat for
canon compliance on that last one the
Harry Hermione people created fiction
alley which allowed all ships had pretty
lazy fare moderation and allowed things
like incest pedophilia teacher-student
and other things that the sugar quill
mods would turn up their noses at at
around the same time these two websites
were being started another archive
totally unrelated to HP for G you was
also born Gryffindor Tower GT allowed
Harry Ginny only and kept their smut
locked behind a password in a
quote-unquote restricted section within
only a couple of months of being founded
Gryffindor Tower had already developed a
bad reputation among users of fiction
alley this was for two reasons one
because GT didn't allow slash and kept
their porn behind a password their user
base developed a reputation as being
uncomfortable with male male and smut
fix or to put it less generously
homophobic prudes to Cassandra Clare who
was literally worshipped on fiction
alley hated Harry Ginny and made no
secret of it this led to
in November of 2001 Cassandra Clare
decided to give some Harry Jenny
thickest shot and asked her fans for
recommendations one of the fix she read
was called Alpha and Omega and was
written by Imogen one of the mods of
Gryffindor Tower
Cassandra after giving it a read went on
an extensive rant about how Alpha and
Omega was not only terrible writing but
morally reprehensible for its portrayal
of teen marriage and pregnancy I find
this really funny because like way later
in this story Cassandra Clare writes
Ginny Ron incest but whatever we'll get
there when we get there
Imogen unsurprisingly did not take well
to having her writing publicly bashed by
one of the fandoms biggest authors and
the two engaged in a nasty flame war
that would grow to include other GT mods
most notably a woman who went by the
name of Chris 'ln Chris Len
apparently mentioned this to her husband
Jeff who in a move that cemented him as
perhaps the Internet's first wife guy
decided to defend her honor by sending
anonymous emails to Cassandra Clare
claiming to know her real name where she
lives and heavily implying that he was
going to do some real physical harm to
her Cassandra feeling rightly spooked by
this teamed up with some of the other FA
mods to investigate the situation and
with some help from folks at sugar quill
they were able to trace the IP of the
emails back to Jeff and Chris 'ln when
confronted with this evidence Jeff
admitted to sending the emails and both
him and crystalline made their exit from
the fandom relations between fiction
Ally and Gryffindor Tower had now gone
from bad to worse FA blamed GT at large
for Jeff's reprehensible actions while
GT blamed FA for starting this whole
mess since none of this would have
happened if Cassandra hadn't gone off
about how much she hated imagens writing
in any case Cassandra Clare would only
become more powerful in the months
following the stalking incident in
addition to the Draco trilogy which was
still going strong
Cassandra also published the very secret
diaries a wildly successful series of
Lord of the Rings fix her profile on
fiction Allie had only grown larger and
a quote deep and bizarre amount of
reverence was given not just to her but
her friends including ebony Heidi ivy
blossom fat fat Kitty and Asia who would
come to be known as the inner circle
these were the women who
supposedly ran everything on fiction
alley and it was a club that everyone on
the site was dying to be a part of this
is the stage unto which miss scribe
makes her entrance in February of 2003 a
user named Miss scribe began posting on
fiction alley and what was at the time
the main social media platform for
fandom types LiveJournal MS scribe had
already had some success writing Harry
Potter fake on another archive named
port key where she had accrued a best
friend who went by either baby girl or
Infinite Asst depending on which website
she was on and three fangirls including
claireabella22 James these users
followed her to live journal and would
spare no expense promoting her fix on
boards all over the site not unlike the
way in which Cassandra Clare's fans
would proselytize about her brilliance
from all accounts I can find miss scribe
was an okay thick writer but she was
downright gifted when it came to writing
live journal posts for example less than
a month into her tenure on live journal
she wrote a detailed story about getting
called in to her one-year-old daughter's
daycare because her toddler had been
kissing another girl on the mouth the
other girl's mother was a devout
Christian and was very upset by this
development so miss scribe thinking the
whole situation was kind of silly
decided to deliver some witty retorts in
response to this moral panic well your
daughter might be gay but I think Alise
is just experimenting daycare lady
chokes back laughter miss scribe
delivers a few more zingers before the
other mother announces that miss scribe
and her daughter are going to hell
storms out and drives off in a Cadillac
with a bumper sticker that says seek
salvation it is in this story that we
are introduced to two things that will
become staples of Miss scribes posts one
anecdotes and stories worthy of our
slash that happened and two smug
liberalism this can be seen not just in
her ridiculously on the nose caricature
of a homophobic Christian but in an off
topic addendum tacked on to the end of
the post in which she refers to the
death of NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt in
a racing accident as Darwinism at work
classy but this was the early 2000s and
smug liberalism was all the rage so miss
scribe story was a big hit within only a
few weeks of joining the
she had already accrued a small
following on LiveJournal ms scribe
followed this up with a couple other
posts including one which praised
Cassandra Clare in the same superlative
terms that had become commonplace on
fiction alley pretty standard stuff but
what was less standard with the
anonymous comments miss scribe received
on this post miss scribe received two
anonymous comments from people upset
with her endorsement of Cassandra Clare
and her quote/unquote homo [__] which
according to miss scribe was followed up
by a slew of abusive emails she
responded publicly and defiantly telling
these trolls to quote kiss her
irreverent arse but this of course did
not deter the trolls as part of her next
post an essay on why writing smut is
empowering for women miss scribe
included a photo of herself which
unfortunately has since been lost a time
now for our purposes the only thing you
need to know about miss scribes
appearance is that she is biracial she
is a very light-skinned black woman and
this apparently made her the subject of
even more harassment in response to
these trolls miss scribe made yet
another public retort this time writing
an inspiring poem about taking pride in
both her heritage and appearance she
received much support in response all
was not sunshine and rainbows in Miss
scribes world however on March 21st 2003
Clara Bella
this point descended from Miss scribe's
fangirl to her friend reported that Miss
scribe had suffered a cerebral edema and
had to be hospitalized while Miss scribe
wasn't out of commission for long this
would be only the first of several
hospital stays over the next year or two
that would make her life all the more
complicated and making matters worse
on March 26 2003 a user named Fermat Oh
Jam created a LiveJournal account format
Oh Jam described himself as a Christian
who loves all things God Jesus and
harrypotter his first post stated I used
to enjoy reading Harry Potter fanfiction
that was until they took over I mean the
perverts the disgusting slashers and
purveyors of pornography and smut lovers
they took my favorite characters Harry
Hermione and Ron and made them do
horrible things that poor JK Rowling
must cringe at they are anti-american
they are hurting all of fandom they must
be exposed from a toe jam decided to
take his beef straight to the source of
all this disgusting smut Cassandra Clare
and Miss scribe who keep in mind still
had a relatively small following all
things considered from a toe jam made
threatening posts on both women's
journals packed with Bible verses and
language about being cast into Hellfire
for the cardinal sin of posting Harry
Potter porn on LiveJournal miss scribes
response took things in a rather
dramatic direction alleging that not
only had form a toejam threatened her
he had hacked into her computer she knew
his real name and she had already called
the cops this will be important later
after making another post on his own
journal furthered writing Cassandra
Clare for promoting homosexuality though
interestingly also mentioning her quote
captivating writing style format Oh jam
published what he called the big name
sinners list this was a list of all the
people who he felt were the worst
promoters of homosexuality pedophilia
and general smut in the Harry Potter
fandom the original list included of
course Cassandra Clare plus fellow inner
circle member Eponine Thomas several
other authors miss scribe had named
befores her favourites miss scribe
herself and her friend infinite Asst
this list
more than anything else made for Maddow
Jam a huge target for the rest of the
Harry Potter fandom because everyone
wanted to be a big-name sinner why well
one it put you in the same category as
to inner circle members so it must be a
big deal and two people liked writing /
they were proud of writing / and nothing
would make them happier than the idea of
being recognized for it people began
interacting with from a toe jam
essentially feeding the troll' with the
goal of being put on the big name
sinners list they made custom icons to
show off their big name Center status
and in a stroke of genius
Infinity's started a trend of friending
everyone else on the list after you got
added in the aftermath of firm a toe
jams antics Mis scribes friendlist
doubled in a matter of days sidenote in
the midst of his tirades format Oh jam
casually dropped that he was a Harry
Ginny shipper who frequented Gryffindor
Tower this will become relevant later
now
while her popularity may have been
growing this all came at the expense of
miss scribes safety and peace of mind so
in the interest of putting an end to all
this she decided to do some detective
work on March 27th miss scribe posted a
cryptic message implying that she had
form a toe jams phone number followed by
a comment providing his IP address both
of which traced back to the University
of Dayton in Ohio this seemed to have
shut up from a toe jam as he stopped
posting around this time and would
delete his live journal not long after
but while firm a toe jams chapter may
have ended the saga of the nutty
Christians of the Harry Potter fandom
was only beginning on April 1st 2003
miss scribe made an April Fool's Day
post jokingly declaring herself the new
goddess of the Harry Potter fandom and
demanding the plebs worship her in
response she received two angry comments
one from an anonymous flamer and the
other from a newly created account named
Killian has hope who in addition to
being quote insulted and disgusted by
this post made several references to
miss scribe needing some of God's love
in her life and casually mentioned
having quote counseled the person who
had an incident with her ie from a toe
jam presumably this was how he found
miss scribe in the first place Gilligan
and a small band of anonymous Christians
then spent the day getting in a series
of protracted arguments with Miss scribe
and her friends during this we got a bit
more info on what format O Jam had been
doing beyond just leaving angry
LiveJournal comments specifically Clara
Bella mentioned that he had already been
stalking miss scribed for months before
the big-name sinners list had mailed
miss scribe a package of faith related
books which she refused this apparently
being the inciting instant for all that
followed and
did end up getting taken in by the
police but Miss scribe agreed not to
press charges on the condition that he
go to counseling the plot as they say
had thickened Gilligan not satisfied
with his existing brigade of anonymous
Christians decided to expand his forces
by posting on a Christian forum asking
people for help to which most of the
users replied that he should really stop
posting and stay away from this scribe
perhaps taking their advice to heart
Gilligan would stay relatively quiet
after April 2nd now it was at this point
that some of miss scribes friends began
wondering how she had managed to attract
not one but two nutty Christian haters
in just a matter of days was there some
kind of launch Bay for these people how
did they find her where were they coming
from these were all legitimate questions
unfortunately no one at the time did
enough research to answer them possibly
because they were having too much fun
dunking on these strawman
fundamentalists
but the biggest straw man or rather
straw woman was yet to come
by the end of April 2003 just three
months after creating her LiveJournal
miss scribe had already made a name for
herself in the Harry Potter fandom she
was friended by all her favorite authors
including members of the inner circle
and her personal stories regularly got
shared across LiveJournal even the nutty
Christians who had trolled and harassed
her so aggressively had been laying low
for most of april little did the fandom
know they would soon come back stronger
than ever before on May 7th a new user
named Potter's Ginny appeared on
LiveJournal her bio described her as yet
another devout Christian yet another
friend of firm a toejam and yet another
person concerned with the lack of
morality in the Harry Potter fandom
almost immediately after her account was
created it was somehow discovered by one
of miss scribes OG fangirls Sarah Kay
James who made a post linking to
Potter's Ginny's profile titled troll
alert however unlike miss scribe Sarah
didn't have a very large friends list so
the real drama wouldn't start until
Potter's Ginny began stirring up trouble
herself first she went on a Harry Ginny
community to complain about how
Cassandra Clare hates Harry Ginny and
how if the rest of the fandom is like
this she'd rather just stay nice and
safe
up in Gryffindor Tower remember from a
toejam also claimed to be a GT user this
drew responses from both Cassandra Clare
and Miss scribe and Miss scribe in
particular had a good bit of fun at the
expense of Potter's Ginny because unlike
the previous trolls Potter's Ginny
posted pictures of herself the highest
resolution of which is uh this beauty
according to Potter's Ginny she actually
had a successful career as a plus-sized
model which if anything just gives
plus-sized models a bad name but I
digress
butters Ginny's next target was Miss
scribes friend infinite us who had made
a post earlier that day about how much
she loved giving [__] Potter's Ginny
being a true-blue Christian moralizer
decided to go on infinite is's profile
to call her a [__] and tell her she
needed to come to Jesus Infinite us was
like hell yeah I'm a [__] and the two
argued for a bit before miss scribe
decided to join in on the fun now
because the low-hanging fruit with
Potter's Ginny was to go after her looks
infinitives changed her icon to a photo
of herself in order to draw a contrast
between the two in terms of appearance
miss scribe did the same and it was at
this point when Miss scribe replied to a
Potter's Ginny post accompanied by her
face that things truly went off the
rails because see remember how I said
that Miss scribe is biracial
well Potter's Ginny responded by calling
her a zebra ie half black half white and
then proceeded to post a massive screed
against race mixing with full-on neo
Nazi propaganda copy pasted from
Stormfront
all while casually mentioning how much
better things are on Gryffindor Tower
now it is at this point that I feel the
need to editorialize for a bit because I
would like to emphasise the insane
degree of tunnel vision that this fandom
was suffering from at the time because
in my opinion no one involved in this
drama should have believed that Potter's
Ginny was a real person nothing about
her makes sense for one thing in real
life rabid evangelicals of the type that
harassed miss tribe but do in fact have
strong opinions on Harry Potter but
these opinions tend to be
let me say something about Harry Potter
warlocks are enemies of God and I don't
care what kind of hero they are they're
an enemy of God and had it been in the
Old Testament Harry Potter would have
been put to death largely negative so
the idea of Potter's Ginny or for that
matter form a dough jam being a
far-right fundamentalist Christian who
loved Harry Potter and only disapproved
of all the smut being written about it
is inherently absurd Potter's Jenny
posted obviously unattractive photos of
herself that were begging to be mocked
she bragged about being a plus-sized
model at a time when that term was
considered a punchline in and of itself
and she was somehow able to tell just by
looking at a low-res live journal icon
on a monitor from 2003 that Miss scribe
was biracial as part of my research for
this video
I found out miss scribe has public
social media profiles under her real
name and even after looking at high-res
photos of her on an HD monitor I
dead-ass thought she was white for a
while my point is none of this stands up
to any kind of scrutiny so the fact that
so many people believed it is really a
testament to miss scribes ability to
make all of this insanity so
entertaining that everyone was having
too much fun to question it miss scribe
shared this comment with the rest of her
friends and from there it made its way
to fandom wank a popular community for
discussing fandom drama and at that
point it absolutely exploded people all
over the fandom came together to condemn
Potter's Ginny specifically and in many
cases Gryffindor Tower at large
remember Potter's Jenny kept mentioning
how much she loved GT and how everyone
was so much better over there and due to
Gryffindor Towers habit of generally
keeping to themselves many Potter fans
knew so little about what GT and its
user base was actually like that they
could see a virulent racist spouting
anti-miscegenation talking points and
telling smut writers to come to Jesus
and be like yeah that seems like average
Gryffindor Tower behavior this was not
helped by the fact that some Harry
Potter fans viewed the division between
pure Bloods and muggle-borns in the
books as an analogue
for racism and since Ginni was a
pureblood while hermione was a
muggle-born it would make perfect sense
for someone who is really really racist
to be very passionate about shipping
Harry Ginny I imagine all the read and
other book people are bleeding from
their ears after that last sentence
anyway speaking of gt being isolated
Gryffindor Tower was busy with some
internal drama at the time which we will
later learn was a running theme and
managed to completely miss all of this
controversy despite claiming to be an
active user on GT potters Ginny only
made one post on the website and it was
immediately deleted for being too
incendiary the mod who removed it
Carissa Linn didn't feel the need to
look deeper into who this Potter's Ginny
lady was after hitting her with the
banhammer so the GT admins didn't
realize their websites reputation was
being dragged through the mud until two
days later on May 9th once they found
out Carissa issued an official statement
from the admins on both GT and their
live journal community denying any
affiliation with Potter's Ginny and
announcing her hateful remarks this
however was not enough for ebony ebony
as both a woman of color and a good
friend of miss scribe was deeply
affected by all this and felt that GT
hadn't done nearly enough to make things
right in a scathing post on her live
journal on may 10th
evany said quote when individuals who
work for corporations are proven to have
behaved in a sexist racist and/or
heterosexist manner said corporation
almost always attempts to make gestures
of consolation not only towards those on
the inside but outward to the offended
party / community these gestures should
occur almost immediately this even
matters if the individual does not work
for the corporation but associates
himself or herself with the corporation
in this case the corporation should
state publicly that the individual
wreaking havoc in the larger community
is not of them to post this information
in one's in-house publication is not
enough not nearly enough if you have mud
on your blouse who cares if you were
rolling around with the pigs or if you
were splattered by chance as you passed
by the mud is still there in this and
further post she went on to say that GT
owed miss scribe and infinitives
personal apologies and that she was
particularly suspect of Gryffindor Tower
considering they had never take
full responsibility for Cassandra
Clare's stalker yeah remember Jeff the
wife guy from part two yeah that didn't
really help with people giving
Gryffindor Tower the benefit of the
doubt on anything
evany was an excellent writer and her
status as a member of the inner circle
made sure that this refutation of gt's
apology would be read far and wide and
said apology would in general not be
accepted at this point it's hard to see
how things could possibly get worse for
Gryffindor Tower on May 22nd 2003 things
got worse for Gryffindor Tower a few
days earlier a fiction ally mod named
Cygnus made a post about a fun game he
was working on for Nimbus 2003 the first
ever Harry Potter fan convention which
was coming up in a couple months it was
called fandom ah Polly the idea was that
it would be a Monopoly board but with
all the streets replaced with names of
fanfiction archives and yes the
fanfiction world was so decentralized in
2003 that there were enough archives for
just Harry Potter 'fuck to fill an
entire Monopoly board anyway one of the
archives on the board was Gryffindor
Tower this while seemingly innocuous was
kind of a problem because Gryffindor
Tower in general were not crazy about
Nimbus 2003 a lot of the organizers for
Nimbus were fiction alley mods and
Gryffindor Tower still had a lot of bad
blood with fiction alley from the
Cassandra Clare stalking incident
because the shadow of Jeff the waif guy
looms large over all of this this would
lead to GT mod by the name of rune child
UK to leave a reply to this post in
which he stated that Gryffindor Tower
would prefer not to be associated with
quote open nc-17 archives incest fiction
and certain other web sites and those
that they quote morally distanced
themselves from rune Child apparently
made this post of his own volition
without consulting the other moderators
and he probably should have consulted
with them first because this post
completely blew up in their faces rune
child had just single-handedly confirmed
every negative stereotype the rest of
the fandom had about Gryffindor Tower
that they were a bunch of self-righteous
holier-than-thou prudes who thought the
other archives were a bunch of
degenerates miss scribe of course had a
field day with this pouncing on rune
child and going off on him not only for
his reply to the board
post but also for an earlier post he
made complaining about Evan e's demands
for personal apologies it was at this
point that a devious conspiracy theory
began to take shape
see back on May 9th when the GT mods
were first denying having any knowledge
of Potter's Jenny a group of anons and
for some reason one of Miss scribes
fangirls Sarah Kay James went on the
Gryffindor Tower LiveJournal community
to defend her they insisted that
Potter's Jenny was simply exercising her
right to free speech and that she
actually was a well-respected member of
GT but wrote there under a different
username following the post about the
board game one of miss scribes friends
suggested that the true identity of
Potter's Ginny might be room child
shortly after the controversy erupted
rune child deleted his live journal and
Potter's Ginny deleted hers soon after
miss scribe was quick to note this
development miss scribe reveled in the
community's hatred of Gryffindor Tower
she even created a parody of the site's
livejournal community called GT hidden
room where her and her friends would
just take turns posting whatever they
thought would piss off GT the most
Gryffindor Tower was lying on the ground
battered bruised covered in wounds and
gashes and Miss scribe was pouring salt
all over them but while most of the
fandom seemed to be an agreement on the
wretchedness of GT the hairy Ginny
shippers suspected some foul play might
be afoot near the end of May 2003
Gryffindor Tower Maud Magoo 42 reached
out to her Fred to Angwin 9 who was a
modest sugar quill with a theory
what if firm a toejam was miss scribe
angwa thought this made sense
she had never believed form a toe jam
was a real person and if he was a sock
puppet he would have had to have been
miss scribe sock puppet because she
claimed to know his real name
angwa brought this up with her friend
dianora and together the two went full
on Nancy Drew mode and decided it was
time to get to the bottom of this
digging through the posting history of
Miss scribe her fangirls and the nutty
Christians that you noticed several
interesting patterns first miss scribes
fangirls Sarah K James and Clara Bella
seemed post exclusively about Miss
scribe and only interacted with Miss
scribe her friends and her haters this
led them to the
that these accounts were missed scribes
sockpuppets created so she could promote
her fanfic without having to do it under
her own name
second The Nutty Christians followed a
similar trend only posting about or
interacting with miss scribe and miss
scribes friends and only very rarely
posting anywhere else
third the fact that miss scribe was
embroiled in more fandom drama and
became the target of more harassment in
her first three months on LiveJournal
than most users would in their entire
fandom lives struck angwa and dianora as
highly suspicious the two came to the
conclusion that the most likely
explanation was that miss scribe was
behind all of this
angwa and dianora shared their findings
with the admins at GT who had already
come to similar conclusions and were
thankful to have more evidence to work
with by May 29th the mods felt they had
enough proof to go on the offensive
Carissa Linn fired the opening shot
posting on her live journal quote it
seems that someone has gone to great
lengths to embarrass us and indirectly
blame us for things that she in fact is
responsible for I'm not sure why she did
it
perhaps it started out as a ploy for
attention and when people started
connecting her actions things she did
while disguised as another person
several in fact on both sides of the
fence quote-unquote with GT she went
with it however I know it's her I have
been collecting and checking IPS for a
while now and have noticed a pattern I
didn't say anything for a long time
because I wasn't positive but now I'm
almost a hundred percent sure all I have
right now is circumstantial but when
every IP you have traced back to the
same source then you can be pretty sure
that all the posts are being made by one
person then when someone seemingly
forgets to log out of their account and
makes a post which also traces back to
that place well you don't have to be a
rocket scientist to figure that one out
the charade is over this game has become
tiresome this post was bait while never
mentioning her by name it was clearly
referring to miss scribe and was meant
to get a reaction out of her the next
day
Carissa received an email addressing her
post but not from Miss scribe she was
contacted by Clara Bella who had a
rather complicated explanation for all
the suspicious IP evidence Carissa had
gathered according to Clara form a toe
jam was a real person who did in fact
stalk miss scribe miss scribe and her
husband filed
charges against him which resulted in a
police report that contained the login
credentials for firm a toe jams yahoo
account
clara bella got access to these
credentials because mr. cribes husband
who is a lawyer got a copy of the police
report and Clara Bella works at mis
scribes house three days a week
babysitting her daughter her and Sarah
Kay James who apparently shared login
credentials to each other's accounts
then freaked out and got overzealous and
spent the next few days posting as firm
a toejam and stirring up trouble before
eventually deleting the account and oh
by the way Clara Bella was doing all of
this on Miss scribes computer because
again she works at her house three days
a week
Clara also asserted that Killian has
hope and Potter's Jenny were both real
people as well though she admitted that
she knew they weren't associated with GT
and should have said so sooner in other
words the nanny did it Carissa believed
this story at least at first and made
another post on her live journal
publicly pinning the blame for GTS
association with the nutty Christians on
Clara Bella and Sarah Cade Jane's Clara
deleted her live journal then came back
to tell her side of the story and
apologized to miss scribe since remember
all of this was supposedly happening
behind miss scribes back miss scribe
then made a lengthy post forgiving Clara
Bella and following this most of the
fandom forgave her as well since there
was a stalker involved and emotions run
high and everybody makes mistakes
miss scribe received only positive
attention from this and her friend count
rose even higher the GT admins were not
satisfied with this conclusion Carissa
continued her investigation reaching out
to people all over the fandom for help
after obtaining some additional IP
evidence from a Harry Ginny shipper on
fiction Ally named Bohemian vixen
Carissa had what she thought was a
smoking gun proof that either miss
scribe or Clarabelle 'since Clara
apparently posts for Miss scribes
computer was behind for Maddow Jam
Gilligan has hope and Potter's Jenny on
June 4th GT admin tartan boxers released
final results of their investigation
this time attempting to definitively
prove miss scribe was responsible for
all the trolls the post was on the
longer side and included a big list of
IP addresses that most users at the time
couldn't be bothered to sort through but
the basic concept was as follows from a
toe jam made a post with an IP address
that was
also attached to a post from Potter's
Jenny Potter's Jenny made another post
with the same ip address as a post from
Sarah Kay James Sarah K James made a
post with the same ip address as both a
post from Clara Bella and a post from
Miss scribe and Miss scribe made another
post with the same ip address as opposed
from Potter's Ginny therefore the
argument goes all five of these accounts
were run by the same person and that
person was Miss scribe the fandom was
not convinced the next day miss scribe
posted a defense in which she pointed
out that one IP addresses can be spoofed
and aren't a reliable source of evidence
if you were trying to accuse someone of
heinous acts and too she couldn't have
actually made one of the non miss scribe
posts she was accused of because she was
in the hospital at the time on top of
this Miss scribe also received an
independent defense from a tech-savvy
user named zorak who pointed out that
several of these IP addresses were from
either an anonymizer service a dial-up
connection or a proxy server which all
assigned users addresses from a large
pool meaning that it would be quote
ludicrous claimed that this evidence
means all these posts were made from
Miss scribes computer nevermind that
format Oh Jam posted from an IP
associated with a Delaware public
schools proxy server and at the time
Miss scribed worked for a public school
in Delaware
never mind that miss scribe and Potter's
Jenny used the same IP anonymizing
gateway and were assigned the exact same
random IP address within three hours of
each other never mind that even
according to zorak the quote unquote
real from a toejam ie from a toe jam
before Clarabelle is supposedly gained
access to his account used the same
fixed IP address as Potter's Ginny
meaning there was a strong likelihood
they were the same person the fandom did
not care miss scribe was the victim in
all this and quote unquote IP gate as
some people took to calling it was just
a desperate attempt by Gryffindor Tower
at smearing a woman who had already
suffered so much miss scribe had now
been exposed to the whole fandom and had
come out the other side with not even a
scratch to show for it
she was practically unstoppable and her
profile would only rise from here
On June 9th 2003 miss scribe ascended to
the upper echelons of the Harry Potter
fandom she was made a mod on fiction
alley while there was no official list
for what qualified one to be a member of
the inner circle being a fiction Ally
mod was definitely a requirement miss
scribe had managed to achieve mod status
on the website without even posting
there that often simply by being friends
with the rest of the circle she had
reached the mountaintop from here
everything she did would simply be a
victory lap a little over a month later
on July 17th miss scribe attends Nimbus
2003 she shares a room with Cassandra
Clare and rumor has it that Cassandra
was receiving guests in quote miss
scribes luxury suite miss scribe was
then brought on as a publicity chair for
the witching hour another Harry Potter
convention after returning from Nimbus
however miss scribe was met with some
unfortunate news she was unemployed on
July 24th miss scribe made a post
claiming that an anonymous tipster sent
a letter to both her job and her local
newspaper outing her as a writer of
Harry Potter porn miss scribe claimed to
work for a state senator he supposedly
had an important bill coming up and
didn't want a scandal so he forced her
to resign the fandom was largely
sympathetic towards her and although
nowhere in her post did she suggest that
Gryffindor Tower was behind this it
didn't stop many from speculating that
they were the culprits not long after
this a neutral account appeared on
LiveJournal to harass writers of Harry
Potter smut watchful entity while the
accounts first post suggested it had
similar motivations to the so-called
nutty Christians from before the entity
did not harass people directly instead
it simply friended people let them know
through posts on its own Journal that it
was watching them and never commented on
anything
according to watchful entity this was a
person who claimed not to be associated
with Gryffindor Tower who was quote
keeping their eyes open to anything that
could be used to paint one faction of
the fandom in a more negative light than
the others and looking out for kids
sexual pictures which are sick and
people deserve to be sent to jail for
and also threatening other people
sidenote
watchful entity had really bad grammar
but while the entity may have had a
different approach from the other trolls
the reaction to it was pretty similar
everyone had a good bit of fun dunking
on watchful entity posting comments on
their blog making fun of them and
writing even more smut to spite them
some people debated the veracity of the
account but much like with firm a toe
jams big-name sinners list everyone was
having too much fun to care additionally
while the entity claimed not to have any
association with Gryffindor Tower this
came off as an oddly specific denial
many of the entity's statements aligned
with what people saw as the
quote-unquote party line for GT this led
many people to believe that it was yet
another nutjob from Gryffindor Tower not
helped by the fact that it specifically
went after miss scribe saying she
deserved to be fired from her job angwa
nine who was still convinced of Miss
scribes guilt and was carrying on her
plucky girl detective operation in
secret believed this was another one of
miss scribe sock puppets but didn't have
enough evidence to prove anything
however if Miss scribe truly was
creating more sock puppets in an attempt
to smear Gryffindor Tower she may have
been wasting her time because a little
less than two months after watchful
entity started posting on September 20th
2003 Gryffindor Tower collapsed in on
itself the Internet's most infamous
hairy Ginny only archive was shuttered
why but simply drama months of simmering
animosity between two groups of
moderators had transformed into
animosity between two groups of users
and after a Friday night feud in which
competing cliques of admins made dueling
password changes and edits back and
forth until the site was unworkable the
whole thing was shut down for good
ironically if Miss scribe truly had
created a small army of sock puppets in
an attempt to ruin Gryffindor Tower than
in a strange way all her effort had been
for nothing was it possible that the
miserable reputation that GT was saddled
with may have led to a tense environment
that eventually precipitated the drama
that brought it all to a fiery end maybe
but for all intents and purposes this
was an internal affair that Miss scribed
at the nutty Christians or the fandom at
large had nothing to do with this of
course leaves our subject at a
crossroads where was Miss scribed to go
from here she had gotten just about all
the fame one could achieve in the world
of Harry Potter
she had found her number one enemy and
watched them fall before her eyes if she
had any kind of goal in mind when she
began her journey through this fandom
she most certainly would have exceeded
it by now was it time for her to finally
settle down and live a quiet life focus
on producing quality fanfic and pull
away from all the drama no earlier in
2003 Cassandra Clare announced that she
was working on an nc-17 rated R on Jenny
Fick titled I [__] if you not Mortal
Instruments since Cassandra was still
one of the biggest name fans around this
attracted quite a bit of attention and
would draw the ire of our friends over
at sugar quill they had never liked
Cassandra Clare for a variety of reasons
but this move particularly rustled their
jimmies because Clare had made no secret
of her dislike for both Ron and Jenny so
writing incest fictive the two of them
seemed like an act of spite more than
anything this prompted a LiveJournal
rant from sugar quill Maude Arabella who
while not explicitly naming Cassie did
mention the morality of posting quote
happy fluffy incest fix about a month
later miss scribe happened upon
arabela's post and seeing as how it came
off as vagin against Cassandra Clare was
incensed by it after mocking the rant
with a friend for a bit in the comments
of one of her live journal posts miss
scribe suggested that someone should
fandom wank it about four hours after
making that comment a new account popped
up on journal fen the live journal clone
where fandom wank was hosted named spork
Fi that immediately posted about
arabela's rant on fandom wank spork if
I'd mocked Arabella for asking them to
think of the children in her case
against incest fix as it turns out the
audience on fandom wank were not
particularly big fans of people telling
them what they were and were not allowed
to write and so dropping this post in
their collective lap was like setting
off a powder keg arabela's journal was
swarmed with hate ranging from sarcastic
retorts to outright abuse Arabella was
out of town when all this happened but
upon returning she was so overwhelmed by
the flaming that she deleted her live
journal and left the fandom for good on
January 13th just a few days later from
ashes of arabela's demise it came yet
another troll account this one by the
name of fandom scruples fandom scruples
claimed to be a journal designed to
quote reward responsible members of the
fandom who do not post incest rape
bestiality or nc-17 fix where young
children can access them specifically
naming Arabella as quote having the
courage to finally speak out against
this the idea was that the good writers
would befriended by fandom scruples
which was called the gold list while the
bad writers would be put on a blacklist
spork if I reported this to fandom rank
within two hours of fandom scruples
making its first post the blacklist
consisted of miss scribe Cassandra Clare
the rest of the inner circle a variety
of miss scribes other friends and some
big names from fandom wank while the
gold list consisted of Arabella everyone
who commented positively on arabela's
rant plus several other sugar quill and
former GT people it's worth noting
however that the Gold list was not very
well thought out the initial list
included numerous people who had written
unprotected smut and there were multiple
instances of the list having to be
edited because it included people who
wrote that completely went against
fandom scruples supposed values as such
this would suggest the list was intended
to be a smear against Arabella and her
supporters more so than any attempt to
actually document thick writers with
good morals people had a lot of fun
making fun of fandom scruples for
basically the same reason that people
liked making fun of from a toejam and
watchful entity people on fandom wank
and fiction Ally liked writing porn and
war any insults slung at them for
writing it like a badge of honor
especially if this meant getting put on
a list of people who were supposedly
well known for writing porn over the
ensuing weeks fandom scruples would
continue to stir up drama calling for a
boycott of nimbus 2005 for having staff
members on the blacklist sending a
letter of complaint to fiction Ally's
lawyer Heidi regarding the hosting of
nc-17 fix on fiction Ally and
threatening to report fiction Ally to
the federal government for violating
Coppa
folks in the fandom suspected that
either Potter's Ginny or someone from GT
was behind it though Heidi herself
didn't think so and as usual no one
could prove anything one way or another
while all this was going down spork if I
was staying busy post
even more flame bait on fandom wank the
account made a post on January 24th
mocking the former Gryffindor Tower
admins then another on January 26th
belittling some Ron Hermione shippers
who wanted to keep a hug between two
characters in the third movie it wasn't
until about a month later however when
sport I would truly go off on March 1st
2004 spork if I made another fandom wank
post this one targeting former GT admin
tartan boxers tartan boxers had left to
comment on a Harry Ginny smut fik
written by Mis scribes friendly sand in
which she complained that the Fick was
out of character particularly she took
issue with a line in which Ginny says
[__] me as in her mind quote I could
never ever see any of the HP characters
using the word [__] in a million years
spork if I went in on this and Miss
scribe joined in on the conversation as
well with her typical cosmopolitan desk
writing style snarking at tartan boxers
about ways to spice up her sex life this
led to an extremely long argument
between miss scribe her friends and some
former GT users in which one of miss
scribes opponents tried to bring up the
evidence of Miss scribe being a
puppeteer miss scribe went off on this
and posted what would today be described
as an epic clap back that would have the
rest of the fandom shook if the xgt
people unsurprisingly were fuming
despite having solid evidence of her
lying cheating and deceiving her way to
her current position they were stuck
watching their arch-nemesis openly
mocking them and getting nothing but
positive attention for it additionally
Angwin ins detective work had brought
her to a breaking point
see phantom scruples didn't interact
with other journals except to friend
them meaning that whoever was the first
person to post about fandoms group 'old
would have to have either been on its
friends list or have created the account
themselves spork if I was the first
person to post about fandom scruples and
based on the timing of the creation of
spork ofes account
anga came to the conclusion that both
spork Fi and fandom scruples were also
miss scribe because fandom scruples was
now dragging sugar quill in the same mud
puddle that Gryffindor Tower had been
put through before angwa felt a need now
more than ever to
take action since Gryffindor Tower had
previously tried and failed to expose
miss scribe she decided that the only
way the fandom could take the accusation
seriously is if she could get someone
who was close to Miss scribe to back her
up this would be no easy task
considering that the inner circle was
loyal to miss scribe to a fault but
angwa thought one person from the upper
ranks of fiction Ally yet might just be
willing to hear her out
Heidi angwa had only had good
interactions with Heidi so far Heidi had
proven herself a good investigator as
she was key to unmasking Jeff the wife
guy and most importantly as both miss
scribes friend and a practicing lawyer
she would be able to obtain information
that could definitively prove miss
scribe guilty or innocent one way or
another on March 5th 2004 Heidi made a
post on her live journal commenting on
the recent spat between miss scribe and
the former GT mods coming down firmly
against GT due primarily to their
behavior during the saga of Jeff the
Wife guy because again everything really
does come back to him angwa commented
pointing out that much of what was then
the current drama could be traced to the
besmirching of Gryffindor Towers
reputation by the nutty Christians and
continuing wank of them after their site
collapsed by spork Fi who while she did
not explicitly say was miss scribe she
did accuse of being a fiction Ally mod
Heidi replied saying something to the
effect of spork I couldn't be a fiction
Ally mod because I asked all the fiction
Ally mods who spork if I was and none of
them knew the two traded lengthy replies
back and forth before angwa eventually
got sick of live journals character
limits and sent Heidi an email in this
absolute behemoth of an email angwa laid
out all her evidence against miss scribe
going well beyond the IP addresses to
get into the timing with which certain
accounts were created the way in which
they posted and numerous inconsistencies
in miss scribes stories piecing together
dozens of posts from the past two years
angwa had assembled a cohesive theory
for everything that had happened
involving miss scribe miss scribe was a
Cassandra Clare fangirl who wanted
nothing more than to be friends with her
idol and become a member of the inner
circle
she created fake fangirls to promote her
work she created fake trolls and haters
to attract sympathy and attention she
created a stalker from Gryffindor Tower
because Cassandra Clare had been stalked
by someone from Gryffindor Tower and it
would give them something in common and
hopefully gets em PI to notice her she
continued creating similar accounts to
form a toejam because it had gotten her
so much attention the first time she
constantly talked about being in and out
of the hospital to draw further sympathy
and give her potential alibis against
posting from multiple accounts and she
continued to create sock puppets in the
name of defaming Gryffindor Tower mods
even after the demise of their archive
because in Angliss own words quote it's
very important to her that people not
start wondering why she is constantly
plagued by flamers and plagiarists and
nutty Christians and stalkers and people
who write letters to her boss and
anonymous email errs who criticized her
appearance she doesn't want people to
start wondering if maybe the ex gt-r's
might have been on to something with all
that IP stuff she doesn't want people to
wonder just how far an unknown newbie
might go to reach the exalted ranks of
the inner circle and become friends with
the cool in powerful people and I think
to that she simply enjoys controversy
and wank for its own sake I also think
that if Miss scribe would cease for
activities the wank level in the Harry
Potter fandom would go down about 40%
that it would in fact return to the
level it had before spring of last year
when she joined us and form a toejam
made his unforgettable appearance
I wish very very very much that she
would cease her activities there would
be a lot less pain and anguish and this
fandom would have a better reputation
I'm taking the time in trouble to write
this very long boring post to you in
hopes that maybe you can make her stop
that would be incredible anguish aunt
Heidi this email six times between March
26th and April 6 2004 Heidi never
responded to any of them it was at this
point that anger realized that she could
have all the evidence in the world that
Miss scribe was a puppeteer and none of
it would matter so long as everyone's
emotions were running high and miss
scribe was still held in such high
regard as such her only option was to
wait wait for a time when Miss scribes
star had fallen if only just a little
and the veneer around her had faded that
process would begin shortly
the fall of Miss scribe happened the way
you fall asleep slowly and then all at
once
first miss scribe was involved in some
fandom drama that for the first time
seemingly did not necessarily go her way
in September 2004 one of the hottest
topics of discussion was the upcoming
u.s. presidential election the
environment on LiveJournal at the time
was largely anti-bush and this led one
user to make a defiant post proudly
proclaiming herself a bush supporter
this served as a rallying cry for other
fandom Republicans who compared coming
out as Republican to coming out as gay
and all the usual talking points in
these sorts of situations well noted
smug liberal miss scribe was not having
it and while many users expressed their
distaste for Bush miss scribe was the
only big-name account to outright say
that anyone who supported w should get
off her friends list stat while miss
scribe was not at the center of this
particular fandom wank she was on the
receiving end of some criticism for
being closed-minded and essentially
putting up a Bush supporters DNI banner
before DNI banners were even a thing on
the other hand the Wizards / Bush also
received plenty of criticism for pulling
the old Republicans in Liberal spaces
are an oppressed minority card so the
whole thing ended up being kind of a
wash still miss scribe was no longer
immune to criticism the goddess was
showing her first signs of mortality
then in October fandom scruples which by
the way had stayed active in trolling
this entire time made a vague post that
seemed to have been made public on
accident and implied that fandom
scruples was run by a group of people
rather than just one user this sparked
some speculation as to who could be
behind the account and one anon shined
and helpfully with quote I can't believe
what idiots you all are for posting
about this it's miss scribe and maybe a
few of her friends screwing with all of
your heads and I for one I'm sick of
people pretending she's the innocent one
makes sense
she hates Ron Hermione shippers and she
created that journal to draw negative
attention to them and the authors who
write that pairing just like she
harassed Harry Ginny shippers a while
back stop being so damn stupid Anglo
would later speculate that this was miss
scribe playing 4d chess creating an
accusation of her being
fandom scruples specifically so she
could tear it down thus eliminating any
possible doubts in the eyes of her
friends and the fandom at large miss
scribes usual entourage came to her
defense as did miss scribe herself who
asserted that she couldn't have possibly
made that post on fandom scruples
because she was on a cruise the day it
was posted while miss scribes defense
ultimately seemed to hold up there were
also quite a few people on fandom wank
willing to entertain the possibility
that the miss scribe sock puppet theory
had some real legs to it nothing that
would have any immediate impact but
again the seeds of doubt were being
planted then there was charity wank an
event so shameful it could probably get
a video all to its own the short version
is that in early December 2004 Cassandra
Clare her roommate and her boyfriend
were burglarized and all three of their
laptops were stolen in response to this
Heidi created a charity drive to replace
the computers which raised over $2,000
in 9 hours and actually exceeded the
fundraising goal this event turned
fandom wank largely against Heidi and
Cassandra since the two were asking fans
for money who often had less cash to
work with than the women they were
giving to also I should point out that
before the era of GoFundMe IndieGoGo and
patreon a lot of people considered
asking for money over the internet to be
like somehow inherently scummy
regardless miss scribe was quick to jump
to the defense of her embattled friends
saying that most of the money had come
from Cassandra's close friends including
a large donation from Miss scribe
herself so people should just lay off
and let Cassie's friends support her
fandom wank was not swayed by this
defense in the midst of all this a user
named Sapphire Isle left to comment on
Heidi's post about the laptops
expressing frustration that Heidi and
Cassandra had been able to raise so much
money so quickly but her and her mother
who had been diagnosed with a rare form
of cancer had been unsuccessful in their
fundraising efforts Heidi replied with a
plethora of advice on how Sapphire could
get the word out about her situation but
notably did not offer to give any money
herself or promote the cause to her
massive LiveJournal following Heidi
received some negative replies for this
but the situation wouldn't truly blow up
until March of 2005 right at the end of
February Heidi had made a post promo
another one of her friends charity
drives and Sapphire Isles mom posting
with the username shafts mum left a
comment further elaborating on her dire
situation and pleading to Heidi to help
out by promoting her cause Heidi just
like before offered advice on how to get
the word out but refused to promote it
herself saying that quote I am trying to
decrease the number of projects I'm on
I've handed over most of my fandom work
to other volunteers and can't even
volunteer for things at my son's school
anymore because I'm about to have baby
number three so I can't take on another
project right now I just don't have the
energy to keep up with what I'm already
doing
this did not sit well with fandom wank
who went in hard against Heidi
in response several of Heidi's friends
led by Miss scribe came out in her
defense but rather than simply arguing
that Heidi was under no obligation to
take on promoting every charity that was
brought to her attention miss scribe
opted to say hmm what if saps mum isn't
actually dying of a rare form of cancer
this led to miss scribe in a number of
other users as well as some anons that
based off the betting odds at this point
would probably miss scribe as well
leaving comments on the Journal of a
woman who was dying of cancer accusing
her of faking it to get money over the
Internet this really did not sit well
with fandom wank and both Heidi and miss
scribes reputations took massive hits
when all was said and done while this
controversy would eventually blow over
miss scribes power and influence had
declined significantly on top of the
controversies miss scribe had also
pulled back from posting in general
possibly to focus on her personal life
while she was getting close to having
another baby the time to strike had
arrived and who boy did miss scribe gets
struck
over the next year or so angwa 9 worked
tirelessly compiling all the evidence
she had against Mis scribe into one
massive expose even longer and more
extensive than the email she sent to
Heidi collaborating with numerous other
fans to assemble all the needed links
and screenshots once she had everything
together On June 15th 2006
posting under the pseudonym of Charlotte
Lennox the loquacious Duchess of
Richmond the loquacious Duchess of
Richmond permeates to TLDR angwa posted
the miss scribes story in unauthorized
fandom biography which in addition to
being an incredibly thorough and
amazingly detailed outline of all things
miss scribe is also the main source for
pretty much everything in this video so
thanks angwa in the biography the
Duchess lays out several key points on
top of the IP evidence previously
presented by Gryffindor Tower which all
adds up to a compelling case for miss
scribe being one of the most prolific
and successful puppeteers in all of
fandom this evidence includes one miss
scribes fangirls from portkey Clara
Bella and Sarah Kay James both posted
exclusively to both portkey and live
journal about how amazing miss scribe is
they had miss scribe icons miss scribe
signatures and started promoting miss
scribe immediately after creating their
accounts to Clara Bella created her
account
one day after miss scribes first post
meaning she was full on standing for a
fanfic author who had literally just
joined the fandom 3 both Clara Bella and
Sarah Kay James have inconsistent bios
between their different accounts for
example Clara Bella listed herself as 31
years old with two kids on her port key
account but says she's a 19 year old
college student with no kids on her live
journal for Miss scribe and Clarabel
repeatedly changed their story as to
what their working relationship was
depending on the needs of the situation
Clara Bella was anywhere between an
occasional babysitter and a live-in
nanny / caregiver for miss scribe 5 miss
scribe repeatedly changed her story as
to what exactly happened with firm a toe
jam in one post she said she had refused
to press charges in exchange for him
going to therapy but in other posts she
said she took him to court and got him
expelled from his school and put on
probation that kept him from using
a computer six format Oh Jam
specifically went after miss scribe
despite her being almost completely
unknown in the fandom at the time and
his big name sinners list was almost
entirely composed of miss scribes
favorite authors which she had listed in
a post not long before 7 miss scribe
claimed that there was a police report
related to from a toe jam stalking but
no one had actually seen the report
other than miss scribe so it was
entirely possible she just made it up
8 miss scribe made multiple posts
involving hospital visits but these
stories were often inconsistent what
kind of medical conditions she was
dealing with frequently changed and she
was found to have been posting at times
when she was supposedly out of
commission in the hospital 9 Sarah Kay
James discovered Potter's Ginny almost
immediately after the account was
created
despite Potter's Ginny not harassing
anyone yet 10 building on zorax evidence
from when GT tried to expose Miss scribe
yeah but you forgot about that guy for
Matt o jammin Potter's Ginny had posted
using the same fixed IP address that
meant there was a pretty good chance
that they were the same person
Clara Bella had made a post on sugar
quill in 2003 using this exact same IP
address 11 miss scribe claimed to have
been fired from her job working for a
Delaware state senator because an
anonymous tipster told her boss that she
wrote Harry Potter porn miss scribe did
not actually work directly for a
Delaware state senator she worked for a
vote at school at which a state senator
was the principal and she was listed as
an employee on the school's web site
long after she claims to have been fired
12 spork a file was created about four
hours after miss scribe suggested to a
friend that someone post fandom wank
about Arabella and the first thing it
posted was fandom wank about Arabella
suggesting that spork Phi is also Miss
scribe 13 as spork if I was the first to
post about fandom scruples
despite Phantom scruples not posting on
any journals other than its own
suggesting spork Oh fie is fandom
scruples and finally 14 format Oh jams
big names sinners list watchful entities
watch list and fandom scruples blacklist
are all the same stick but with the new
coat of paint each time suggesting that
whoever ran one of them probably ran all
of
and this was in addition to a massive
amount of additional evidence that would
take hours to fully dissect the miss
scribed story was a huge hit on both
live journal and journal fan and
attracted the attention of several of
miss scribes friends said friends
shocked at the detail of the accusations
provided information that put further
nails in miss scribes coffin
Aereo a longtime ally of Miss scribe and
the security chief at Nimbus 2003 told
Angua the police department that Miss
scribe claims to have filed a report
with Anglo was able to call up the
police department and found no record of
any case involving miss scribe or Lewis
mo Velo from a toe jams real name
according to miss scribe Cassandra Clare
provided additional evidence showing
that from a toejam shared a fixed IP
address with miss scribe Clara Bella and
Potter's Jenny and another fiction Ally
moderator revealed that spork if I used
an IP address that was also shared by
Miss scribe several of Miss scribes
one-time friends expressed remorse over
the lengths they had gone to defend her
Heidi made a post on her live journal in
the aftermath of the biography where she
essentially admitted to having been
duped and apologized to all those she
hurt miss scribe herself did eventually
come out of the woodwork to comment on
the situation
she apologized for all the hate she
directed toward Gryffindor Tower as even
she was willing to admit that she had
taken things several steps too far
however she refused to admit to most of
the puppetry she was accused of the
response to the Miss scribe story beyond
shock and confusion from those
intimately familiar with the situation
was overwhelmingly positive
with no more ways to effectively defend
herself and with her closest allies now
turned against her in 2007 miss scribe
closed up her journals for good and
permanently exited the Harry Potter
fandom
well over a decade has passed since the
end of the MIS scribe saga but the
events are forever burned into the
memories of all those who watched it
play out in real time while plenty of
fandom drama has unfolded in the years
since the scale of the deception pulled
off by mis scribe is unparalleled in
fandom history ascending from complete
unknown to big-name fan in just a few
months entirely off the backs of sock
puppets and then retaining that status
for several years is the kind of
talented mr. Ripley level [__] that in
all likelihood is a once-in-a-lifetime
event to this day many consider miss
scribe to be the gold standard for
fandom drama a sort of back in my day
anecdote for whenever someone talks
about how crazy their fandom has gotten
lately and while in all likelihood miss
scribe has retired completely from the
world of fanfiction I like to imagine
that a woman with the kind of addiction
to posting that leads one to create
multiple accounts to send themselves
racist abuse in an attempt to gain
further internet fame can never truly
log off perhaps miss scribe is out there
somewhere posting in a different fandom
under a different name or two or ten and
causing a whole new slew of wank for a
new generation
whatever the case if there is one thing
that can be learned from this story it's
that since the dawn of the internet we
have all been messy [__] who live for
drama and perhaps none will ever be
messier than miss scribe